"Titanic (1997)"

Drama Romance Love Triangle
Leonardo DiCaprio	Kate WinsletBilly Zane	Kathy Bates	Frances Fisher	
Gloria Stuart	Bill Paxton	Bernard Hill	David Warner		Victor Garber	
Jonathan Hyde	Suzy Amis	Lewis Abernathy		Nicholas Cascone	Dr. Anatoly M. Sagalevitch	

4 years later a 100-year-old woman named Rose DeWitt Bukator tells the story to her granddaughter Lizzy Calvert, 
Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell, and Anatoly Mikailavich on the Keldysh about her life set in 
April 10th 1912, on a ship called Titanic when young Rose boards the departing ship with the upper-class 
passengers and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, and her fiancé, Caledon Cal Hockley. Meanwhile, a drifter and 
artist named Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets to the ship in a game. 
And she explains the whole story from departure until the death of Titanic on its first and 
last voyage April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning.  Written by Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}
After winning a trip on the RMS Titanic during a dockside card game, American Jack Dawson spots the society
 girl Rose DeWitt Bukater who is on her way to Philadelphia to marry her rich snob fiancé Cal Hockley.
 Rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide 
 until she is rescued by Jack. Cal is therefore obliged to invite Jack to dine at their first-class table 
 where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts. In return, he spirits Rose off to third class
 for an evening of dancing, giving her the time of her life. Deciding to forsake her intended future all 
 together, Rose asks Jack, who has made his living making sketches on the streets of Paris, to draw her 
 in the nude wearing the invaluable blue diamond Cal has given her. Cal finds out and has Jack locked away.
 Soon after wards, the ship hits an iceberg and Rose must find Jack while both must run from Cal even as the
 ship sinks deeper into the freezing water. Written by hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com)
Deep-sea explorer Brock Lovett has reached the most famous shipwreck of all - the Titanic. 
Emerging with a safe believed to contain a diamond called 'The Heart of the Ocean', he discovers the safe 
does not hold the diamond but a drawing of a beautiful woman wearing it. When Brock is later interviewed on TV,
 he shows the drawing to the cameras, and a 100-year-old woman named Rose Calvert living in Michigan recognizes
 the woman in the drawing - herself! On a visit to Brock's explorer ship over the wreck, Rose tells her story 
 of the Titanic and its ill-fated voyage. Engaged to a would-be steel magnate, Caledon Hockley, she boards the 
 Titanic's first-class suites with him & her mother in Southampton. Also boarding are Jack Dawson & his friend 
 Fabrizio, after a lucky poker game wins them tickets in steerage. When Rose attempts suicide by jumping off t
 he stern in 3rd class, Jack pulls her back onto the ship...and a bond is forged between them as Jack is invited
 by her into 1st-class the following day. Rose's mother & Cal Hockley try desperate measures to keep them apart.
 But that strategy goes out the window when the Titanic collides with an iceberg, and due to a design flaw 
 begins to sink - despite being proclaimed 'unsinkable'. Now Rose & Jack must fight to stay alive, but is young
 Jack already doomed because of his lower status as a steerage passenger? Written by Derek O'Cain
Titanic, the ship of dreams. Is also known as Unsinkable, and it was unsinkable on its departure on
 April 10th, 1912. And on its epic journey a poor artist named Jack Dawson and a rich girl Rose DeWitt Bukator fall in love, until one night, their fairytale love for one another turns into a struggle for survival on a ship about to founder to the bottom of the North Atlantic. Rose leaves her fiancée Caledon Hockley for this poor artist, but when the Titanic collides with the Iceberg on April 14th, 1912, and then when the ship sinks on April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning, Jack dies and Rose survives and 84 years later Rose tells the story about her life on Titanic to her grand daughter and friends on the Keldysh and explains the first sight of Jack that falls into love, then into a fight for survival. When Rose gets saved by one lifeboat that comes back, they take her to the Carpathia with the 6 saved with Rose and the 700 people saved in the lifeboats. The Carpathia Immigration Officer asks Rose what her name is and she loved Jack so much she says her name is not Rose DeWitt Bukator, but her name is Rose Dawson. She seen Cal looking for her, but he doesn't see her, and they never ended up together, her mom, Cal, and friends of the family has know choice but to think that she died on the Titanic. But in the crash of 1929, Cal is married, but then he put a pistol in his mouth and committed suicide. So Rose is an actress in the 20's, and now 84 years later Rose Calvert is 100 years old and tells her grand daughter Lizzy Calvert, Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell, and Anatoly Mikailavich the whole story from departure until the death of Titanic on its first and last voyage, and then to Rose all Titanic and the real love of her life Jack Dawson is all an existence inside of her memory, and Titanic is to rest in peace at the bottom of the North Atlantic from 1912 until the end of time. Written by Scotty McCoy

Beginning with genuine footage of the departure of the Titanic on its fateful voyage, this epic movie tells the
 events of that tragic night from the perspective of fictional survivor Rose. As an old lady of 100 she recounts
 her story of duty, love and disaster to a salvage crew searching for a lost gem. Written by Helen {leaper8757} 
 





Note:-this is just sample file to show users the format
